Author Guidelines
International Journal of Electrical and Computer Engineering (IJECE) is the official publication of the Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science (IAES). The journal is open to submission from scholars and experts in the wide areas of electrical, electronics, instrumentation, control, telecommunication, applied computing, computer engineering and informatics from the global world. Papers are invited from anywhere in the world, and so authors are asked to ensure that sufficient context is provided for all readers to appreciate their contribution.

The Types of papers
The types of papers that may be considered for inclusion are:
1) Original research,
2) Short communications, and
3) Review papers, which include meta-analysis and systematic review
How to submit your manuscript
All manuscripts should be submitted online at http://ijece.iaescore.com (Authors are able to submit manuscripts to the journal directly through the online paper submission)

To make a submission, you must have a user account and be enrolled as an Author. User accounts can either be created by the Journal Manager or you can register yourself (this journal policy allows you create user account by yourself as a Reader, an Author and/or a Reviewer). All fields with an asterisk beside them (Username; Password; Repeat Password; First Name; Last Name; Email) are mandatory. Your username and your email address must be unique; furthermore, while you can change your email address at a later date, you will be unable to change your username. If you want to register in another role within the same journal (for example, if you are already a Reader, but also want to become an Author) you can log in; go to Edit My Profile (under My Account on your User Home page); and check off the checkboxes next to any available roles, near the bottom of the page. Once you have an account, log in to the journal site and select the role of Author.

The Author is asked to upload a submission file and to provide metadata or indexing information. (The metadata improves the search capacity for research online and for the journal.) The Author can upload Supplementary Files, in the form of data sets, research instruments, or source texts that will enrich the item, as well as contribute to more open and robust forms of research and scholarship. The Author is able to track the submission through the review and editorial process by logging in to the journal's website.

General Guidelines

Use the IJECE guide of authors as a template and your guideline for preparing your papers (MS Word file format: https://iaescore.com/gfa/ijece.docx or LATEX file format: https://iaescore.com/gfa/ijece.rar).
Ensure that each new paragraph is clearly indicated. Present tables and figure legends on separate pages at the end of the manuscript.
Number all pages consecutively. Manuscripts should also be spellchecked by the facility available in most good word-processing packages.
Extensive use of italics and emboldening within the text should be avoided.
Papers should be clear, precise, and logical and should not normally exceed 4,000 words.
The Abstract should be informative and completely self-explanatory, provide a clear statement of the problem and the proposed approach or solution, and point out major findings and conclusions. The Abstract should be 100 to 200 words in length. The abstract should be written in the past tense.
The keyword list provides the opportunity to add keywords, used by the indexing and abstracting services, in addition to those already present in the title. Judicious use of keywords may increase the ease with which interested parties can locate our article.
The Introduction should provide a clear background, a clear statement of the problem, the relevant literature on the subject, the proposed approach or solution, and the new value of research which is innovation. It should be understandable to colleagues from a broad range of scientific disciplines.
Explain the research chronologically, including research design and research procedure. The description of the course of research should be supported by references, so the explanation can be accepted scientifically.
Tables and Figures are presented at the center.
In the results and discussion section, the results should be explained and at the same time, a comprehensive discussion is given.
A good conclusion should provide a statement that what is expected, as stated in the "Introduction" section can ultimately result in the "Results and Discussion" section, so there is compatibility. Moreover, it can also be added the prospect of the development of research results and application prospects of further studies into the next (based on the results and discussion).
The author must provide at least 25 references. Use of tools such as EndNote, Mendeley, or Zotero for reference management and formatting, and choose IEEE style. Each citation should be written in the order of appearance in the text in square brackets. References should be cited in the text by numbering system (in IEEE style), [1], [2], [3], and so on. Only references cited in the text should be listed at the end of the paper. For example, the first citation [1], the second citation [2], and the third and fourth citations [3], [4]. When citing multiple sources at once, the preferred method is to list each number separately, in its own brackets, using a comma or dash between numbers, such as: [1], [3], [5]. It is not necessary to mention an author's name, pages used, or date of publication in the in-text citation. Instead, refer to the source with a number in a square bracket, e.g. [9], that will then correspond to the full citation in your reference list. Examples of in-text citations:
This theory was first put forward in 1970 [9].
Sutikno [10] has argued that...
Several recent studies [7], [9], [11]-[15] have suggested that....
...end of the line for my research [16].
One author should be designated as corresponding author and provide the following information:
• E-mail address
• Full postal address
• Telephone and fax numbers

Please note that any papers which fail to meet our requirements will be returned to the author for amendment. Only papers which are submitted in the correct style will be considered by the Editors.

 

---:::::::----

Viewing and Changing Your Profile

To view and edit your profile, log in and click the Edit My Profile link from your User Home page. Alternatively, once logged in you can always click the My Profile link from the User Navigation block on the sidebar, if available. From here, you can update your email address, change your personal information, or change your password.

---:::::::----

Resetting your Password

Resetting your password is a simple process if you remember it and just want to change it to something else: login, and from your User Home page click the Change Password link. You will have to enter your current password, and then your new password twice.

Resetting your password if you have forgotten it is still a simple process, but it takes a few more steps:

Click the Log In link on the topmost navigation bar.
Click the Forgot Your Password? link.
Enter your email address in the box provided, and click the Reset Password link. This will send a confirmation email to your email address (if you do not see an email in your Inbox, check your spam folder).
The email will include a link to reset your password: click it, and you should return to the journal website.
On returning to the journal website, you should be notified that an email containing a new password has been sent to your email address. Check for that second email, and use your new credentials to log into the site.
After successfully logging in, you will be asked to immediately change your password. Enter the emailed password first (Current Password), and then a new, secret password twice (New Password, Repeat New Password).
For further information about "the Author User Home Page" please take a look at: https://pkp.sfu.ca/ojs/docs/userguide/2.3.1/authorUserHome.html

 
Submission Preparation Checklist
As part of the submission process, authors are required to check off their submission's compliance with all of the following items, and submissions may be returned to authors that do not adhere to these guidelines.

The submission has not been previously published, nor is it before another journal for consideration (or an explanation has been provided in Comments to the Editor).
The submission file is in MS Word file format: https://iaescore.com/gfa/ijece.docx or LATEX file format: https://iaescore.com/gfa/ijece.rar
All authors who submit to this journal must have an ORCID. If the authors do not already have an ORCID, they should create one before submitting their manuscript. ORCID is a persistent digital identifier that distinguishes you from other researchers and allows automated connections to your research activities. Authors also suggested creating/registering WoS ResearcherID, Scopus Author, Google Scholar, and Semantic Scholar Author profiles.
The text adheres to the stylistic and bibliographic requirements outlined in the Author Guidelines, which are found in About the Journal.
 
Copyright Notice
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSING AGREEMENT

This is to certify that the submitted manuscript is an original work, has not been published previously, and is not being considered for publication elsewhere.

Upon acceptance, the article will be published by the Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science (IAES) under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-SA 4.0). The authors retain the copyright to the work.

We declare that:

This manuscript has not been published previously in the same or substantially similar form.
It is not currently under review or consideration for publication by any other journal.
All necessary permissions have been obtained for the use of any third-party material included in this manuscript.
We agree that upon publication, the article will be distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-SA 4.0).
License Grant

We, the authors, retain all copyrights to the submitted article, and grant to IPMU the non-exclusive right to reproduce, publish, translate, and distribute the article in any form or medium, including print and electronic formats.

The article may be used, shared, or adapted by others, provided that:

Proper attribution is given to the original author(s) and source,
A link to the license is included,
Any changes are indicated, and
Any derivative works are licensed under the same terms (ShareAlike).
Full license details: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0

Author Responsibility

The corresponding author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. This agreement is to be signed by at least one of the authors who has obtained the consent of the co-author(s), if any. After submission of this agreement signed by the corresponding author, changes in authorship or order of authors will not be accepted.

Retained Rights

Authors retain all proprietary rights in any process, method, or material described in the work.
Authors may distribute or reuse the work for personal or institutional use, or include it in other works, with appropriate credit and under the same license.
Authors may deposit the published version of the article in institutional or public repositories.
 
Privacy Statement
The names and email addresses entered in this journal site will be used exclusively for the stated purposes of this journal and will not be made available for any other purpose or to any other party.

 
Author Fees
This journal charges the following author fees.

Article Submission: 0.00 (USD)
Authors are not required to pay an Article Submission Fee as part of the submission process to contribute to review costs.


Article Publication: 215.00 (USD)

To support the cost of wide open access dissemination of research results, to manage the various costs associated with handling and editing the submitted manuscripts, and to manage journal management and publication in general, the authors or the author's institution is requested to pay a publication fee. It is our policy that

Each accepted paper will be charged USD 215 for paper collaboration.
We do not appreciate papers with a single (sole) author. Papers with a single author will be charged twice, i.e., USD 420.
The above charges are for the first 8 pages, and any published manuscript over 8 pages will incur extra charges of USD 40 per page for the collaboration paper and USD 80 for the sole author. Biographies of authors are exempt from the APC fee.
Instructions for money transfer via bank transfer will be provided by the editor with the notification of acceptance for the accepted paper.